 /About ITT Inc. Established in 1920, ITT is a global engineering and manufacturing company that partners with customers in the transportation, industrial and energy markets, providing highly engineered products and solutions. With a global presence of 10,000 employees in 35 countries, ITT is well positioned to serve global partners in more than 125 countries around the world. As of 2022 ITT’s revenue is approximately USD 3 bn (NYSE: ITT). The company has balanced and diversified portfolio of businesses, organized in three segments – Industrial Process, Motion Technologies, and Connect & Control Technologies. Their businesses share a common, repeatable operating model centered on their engineering aptitude. The company’s applied engineering provides a special business fit with the clients’ critical nature of their applications. ITT’s technology and client intimacy together produce opportunities to capture recurring revenue streams, aftermarket opportunities and long-lived platforms from original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).  ITT strives to make an enduring impact on the world. Committed to ITT’s core principles – Impeccable character, Bold thinking and Collective know-how, these principles not only enhance the ability to achieve ITT’s purpose, but they also define their high-performing culture delivering on ambitious growth strategy. .  ITT Connect and Control Technologies (CCT)  ITT's Connect and Control Technologies business designs and manufactures harsh-environment connectors for HVOR, Medical, aerospace, defense, energy storage and automotive end-markets; plus critical energy absorption and flow control components primarily for the aerospace and defense and industrial markets. The business uses its expertise to offer highly customized engineered solutions that effectively deliver our core technologies for a broad array of customer applications. The business is leading the way in design, development & manufacture of top-of-the-line actuators, fluid control devices, noise abatement, conveyance and heaters for the Aerospace industry and covers a wide range of commercial and military applications to fit any requirements for rotorcraft, commercial and business aircraft.         / Website: https://www.itt.com/home /  Field Application Engineer (FAE) Cannon_ Connector Korea Job Purpose We are currently seeking a passionate Field Application Engineer to join Connector Korea Team.  The Field Applications Engineer (FAE) works closely with the Connector Korea Sales team to recommend products and technical solutions for new design applications. The FAE will engage with the customers’ engineering team to identify system design requirements, unmet technical challenges and lead the solution development to meet the customer’s needs. The FAE will lead the technical identification and product development, coordinating activities with internal team functions including sales, product management, engineering, and operations to ensure success from concept through production. The FAE will provide design solutions, models, and technical proposals and prototypes acting as the lead engineering point of contact with the customer to secure new designs.   Key Responsibilities: Provide product and technical solutions capability presentations to customers Primary point of contact between customer engineering and internal cross functional team Solve application / product issues in order to address customer pain point with responsible R&D support Manage and coordinate multiple activities related to Sales, Engineering, Product Management and Operational support Build relationships with customer technical community to: Identify technical requirements of new designs Understand technical market trends and identify product expansion opportunities, especially Aerospace and Defense markets. o Capture Voice of Customer Develop and present technical solutions to capture new design wins General engineering product set up, design and management including the design of new components and assemblies Sales and Technical Customer Support   Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in Department of military, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering, Connector design engineering experience will be considered in lieu of degree. Strong experience related industry experience, connector design. Strong understanding of connector, cable and system design and manufacturing Demonstrated ability to directly manager customer engagements including excellent written and oral communication skills Self-motivated and ability to work independently with minimal direction Team player with demonstrated leadership skills working across functional departments Organizational skills to anticipate, prioritize, plan, organize to meet and exceed strategic objectives with relentless focus on customer satisfaction The ability to travel periodically(up to 50%) / The ideal candidate should also possess, the following qualifications and attributes: Experience in the Aerospace & Defense Markets in Korea is preferable. Experience in the Transportation & Industrial markets (Rail, Heavy Vehicles, Energy) Experience in Harsh Environment Circular Connectors, Electrical Cabling, High Power or High-Speed Data transfer a plus Knowledge in the use of high-performance thermoplastics, aluminums and copper alloys and the manufacturing requirements needed to utilize them    ITT Values & DNA  /       Please contact May Papatsarin_ Lead Consultant  +82 109213 7829 May.Papatsarin@adecco.com  Adecco Korea       
